---
title: "Content"
bg: white
color: black
---


When it comes to money, every little bit counts. Every penny you save today could help improve your life tomorrow. It all adds up in the long run, right?

Knowing this, you should always be on the lookout for new ways to increase your income - even if only by a tiny bit.

Using the following apps isn’t going to make you rich. But putting in the minimal effort that goes into utilizing each of them will leave you with a decent amount of cash at the end of the year. 

Just don’t spend it all in one place. (Or, you know...do that. It’s your money, after all!)

## S’more App
If you’re a fan of making money for doing absolutely nothing, [S’more](https://www.smoreapp.co) is the app for you. 

With S’more, you collect reward points for allowing the app to show ads on your phone’s lock screen. Once you reach a certain amount of reward points, you can redeem them for gift cards at various retailers and online stores. The points are redeemed and the gift cards sent via email, so the entire process is quick and easy.

After installing and setting up S’more, you don’t have to do anything at all to start earning reward points. It’s also a good incentive to unglue your eyes from your phone, for a change.

One of the usual concerns with this type of app is battery life. However, S’more’s developers have optimized the app to ensure it uses as little of your phone’s battery as possible. 

Due to Apple regulations, S’more is currently available for Android devices, meaning iPhone users will have to find another way to earn passive income. 

## Fiverr

[Fiverr](https://www.fiverr.com) is a freelancing database that connects people in need of specific services with people who specialize in these various areas. Fiverr is great for picking up quick and easy jobs that have no strings attached in exchange for a quick five bucks. While there is a wide variety of services offered on Fiverr, the most popular categories are writing, graphic design, audio/visual work, programming, and marketing. There’s also a “fun and bizarre” category, where people offer others money to do things like play [pranks](https://www.fiverr.com/gigs/pranks) on friends or complete daredevil stunts.

The projects offered are usually not very involved, either. A talented individual could likely complete many of the tasks in 30 minutes or less. While this certainly isn’t enough to allow you to quit your dayjob, it’s a good way to make some side cash while doing what you love.
First of all, there’s always something interesting being offered on Fiverr. You might not get paid a ton, but you can pick and choose the work you decide to take on.

Fiverr is also great for people just getting started within an industry. The projects you pick up on Fiverr can be added to your ever-increasing portfolio of work, which will one day land you jobs that pay much more than five dollars a pop.

The downside, of course, is that $5 might not be worth the effort you’ll put into a job. But for others across the globe, $5 is a lot of money. The worldwide competition for interesting gigs tends to get a little hectic, so you might not always get the job you wanted.

Though it’s a good way to build your portfolio, you shouldn’t be making Fiverr one of your main sources of income. But it can be difficult to break out into the world of higher-paying gigs once you’ve gotten comfortable with a specific system. Don’t let that happen.

## Ibotta

[Ibotta](https://www.ibotta.com) helps you earn cash rebates whenever you make a purchase at your local grocery store. You simply take a picture of your receipt and upload it through the app, and your Ibotta account will be credited accordingly. 

Though not every item you purchase will go toward the rebate, many store brand items (and some national brands) are part of the deal. If you use Ibotta regularly, you will almost certainly net hundreds of dollars over the course of a year. You can also join “teams” and earn more after you and your teammates reach certain purchasing milestones. 

Ibotta partners with over 180 stores throughout the country, so you likely won’t have any trouble earning rebates while shopping at the grocery store you’ve always shopped at.

Ibotta offers a variety of methods for cashing out your earnings. You can receive actual money via [Venmo](https://www.venmo.com) or [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com), or elect to be sent gift cards for various retailers.

On the downside, Ibotta is a bit labor intensive. If convenience is what you want, you may not have the patience to snap a photo of your receipt after every grocery visit. But if you're willing to put up with a little inconvenience, you can achieve great earnings. 

In exchange for the rebates, you’ll have to deal with ads while using Ibotta. Probably nothing you’re not used to, but just a little fair warning.

## Shopkick

Shopkick is similar to Ibotta, but it focuses specifically on department stores. 

With Shopkick, you earn reward points simply for going to a store and checking in, scanning items (before purchasing them), purchasing them with a credit card you’ve connected to your Shopkick account, and scanning your receipts.

Your rewards, or “kicks,” can then be redeemed for cold, hard cash.

Shopkick works at many major retail and department stores, meaning anyone from sports enthusiasts to those interested in home decorating will find a use for the app.

As mentioned, you don’t even need to buy anything when using Shopkick to rack up reward points. Of course, purchasing items will earn you much more than simply checking in to a store.

While you eventually redeem your “kicks” for cash, you don’t earn money directly (as you do with Ibotta). Earning enough reward points to make a substantial amount of money will likely take some time.

If you’re really into privacy, you’ll be unhappy to know that Shopkick requires that you let it see your location in order to verify that you’re actually at the store you’ve checked in to. You can still turn the service off when you’re not using it, though.